Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now just last year we're going to look at another way to import all functions in a module so you can
tell applying to import every function in the module using the Asterix operator that symbol there.
So how do we put that into our import statement.
Well we say from books to buy from our module books to buy books to buy import Actrix import everything.
Let's run that.
There we go.
Runs fine.
I just clean this window here and import there.
It runs the Asterix in the import statement tells and to copy every function from the module books to
buy into our main program file because every function is imported.
You can call each function by name without using dot notation.
I don't recommend using this approach.
The best approach is to import the functions or functions you want or import entire my module using
dot notation and make your code a lot easier to read and a lot more user friendly for other programmers.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.